TIM LOONEY
Senior Manager of Product Management

We created a product team at Lowe's specifically to unify our configurator strategy and customer experience
across categories and platforms. Marxent's 3D Cloud was the only in market that is built to support a
multitenant solution. We went love with our 3D Decking app in just four months.



JEFF GENNETTE

Chief Executive Officer & Chairman

Selecting furniture for a home can be stressful for our customers, especially as they worry about fit. Along with our partners
at Marxent, we've solved that problem with 3D and VR. Our customers love. We're seeing sales grow and returns decrease.
Congratulations to the Macy's Marxent team for opening the 100th VR furniture gallery... all in less than a year’s time!



ANDY WOLFE
Chief Information Officer

We know that one of the hardest parts of any home improvement project can be getting started. Many of us
struggle to visualize what we want and worry about making the right choices, especially with large projects
where the stakes feel high. The Plan My Kitchen tool will make things simpler and more accessible for everyone.



ELI WINKLER
Chief Marketing Officer

3D is woven throughout the La-Z-Boy customer experience, both online and in-store. Innovating the experience for consumers has always been a
focus of La-Z-Boy. 30, AR, and VR enable us to immediately show a customer how La-Z-Boy can transform the look of their home and add value
to both our online and in-store experiences. Building everything on a single platform and Marxent's 3D Cloud was an obvious choice.



CAITLIN PRICE
Head of Buying

Customers can now be braver in their choices, to test technology that architects
and interior designers have been using to visualize their designs.



JULIA FITZGERALD
Chief Marketing Officer

By giving homeowners the ability 10 visualize all the design possibilities, customers have greater confidence in their decisions and walk away with
more satisfaction in the final product. Marxent's platform and vision for the future of 3D commerce made them the perfect partner for TimberTech.



JASON HEREDIA
Vice President of Product & Design

We choose Marxent not only for their visualization platforms, but also their partnering approach to help us stay ahead of the sea of new technologies to better serve our customers.



TODD WANEK
Chief Executive Officer

Augmented and virtual reality are essential to our growth and vision for the future. Our data shows that a combination of 3D visualization, seeing,
Touching, and feeling actual products, combined with the consultation of our knowledgeable salespeople. will lead to a stand-apart customer experience.



JJ VAN OOSTEN
Chief Digital & Technology Officer
The 3D Room Planner too in stores combines leading-edge visualization and configuration
technology and provides customers with a seamless and personalized shopping experience.



BEN GROOM
Chief Digital Technology Officer

Nearly every product we sell is configurable, all of them are thoughtfully designed, and our material expressions are meticulously curated. People who are
shopping Herman Miler furniture expect an exceptional customer experience that is accurate and always up-to-date. We needed a product configuration
solution that took all of the elements into consideration and 3D Cloud delivered. The ability to create and maintain accurate, beautiful 3D product configuration
experiences with ease across the enterprise is meaningful. It brings efficiency and scale to our vision for next-generation customer experiences.
